I think you all.
I'm so glad to be here with you.
And they asked me if I would kind of go in a certain direction this morning.
And I'm happy to do that because we're going to talk a little bit.
This is not a Christmas message today, although I guess it could be, but we're going to talk about the Holy Spirit today.
Praise the Lord.
And so I want you to just go with me.
We're going to open the Word of God today.
I want you to begin by turning with me to the book of Galatians chapter 3.
And I'm gonna read verse 14, Galatians chapter three, verse 14.
And I want you to listen carefully to what we're saying today, because it's not just a Bible study, we're going to practice the word, because when I get through, we're gonna pray for people to be filled with the Holy Spirit.
Thank you for your enthusiasm.
Sound man, can you turn their volume up a little bit?
I'm not hearing that.
I said, we're gonna pray for people to be filled with the Spirit.
Before we begin, I'd like just to pray.
Father, we thank you for the word of God.
You have exalted your word even above your name.
We thank you today for the blessing of the Holy Spirit.
We thank you for that anointing which we have received from you that abides in us and teaches us all things.
I pray today you would open the eyes of our hearts to see truth more clearly.
to walk in it more accurately, to be not forgetful hearers, but practitioners of your word.
And we thank you, Father, because we believe that your word will never return to you void, but it shall accomplish that which you please and prosper in the thing for which you sent it.
And we give you honor in advance and thanks for every life that is touched and changed in the name of Jesus.
Can someone say amen?
Sound man, can you turn my bottom up just a little bit, please?
Thank you.
So I want to read to you Galatians chapter three and verse 14.
It says, so that in Christ Jesus, the blessing of Abraham might come to the Gentiles so that we might receive the promised spirit through faith.
So Christ redeemed us by dying on the cross.
He brought us out from under the law so that Abraham's blessing might be ours to have and to hold.
But he also ransomed us and purchased our freedom so that we could receive the promised Holy Spirit.
I think many times we read that verse, we read the first part and we skip over the second part.
So although it is the Holy Spirit who imparts to us eternal life and who comes to dwell inside of our hearts at the moment of conversion when we're born again.
However, when the New Testament speaks of the promised
Holy Spirit or the promise of the Spirit, it is specifically referring to an experience that is separate and subsequent to salvation, meaning it's not salvation, it's something that comes after salvation, the baptism with the Holy Spirit.
So Christ redeemed us so that we could be baptized with the Holy Spirit.
Are you out there today?
And notice this verse again, there's a reason why I read this.
It says, so that we might receive the promised spirit through faith.
Now over the years, Sister Yen mentioned that my ministry is based in India.
I've lived there for 30 years and pastor church and we have four branch churches and a Bible school and over and special meetings.
And over the years, I suppose that I have prayed for hundreds
I don't know, maybe, maybe thousands of people to be baptized with the Holy Spirit.
And I have observed in my experience, my very limited experience, of course, but I have observed that the main reason why Christians fail to receive the infilling of the Spirit to receive the gift of the Holy Spirit is a lack of faith.
Let's see.
That reminds me of many scriptures.
For example, James chapter one verse six.
And I know that for many of you, you know, this, this is nothing new at all, but, but I think there are other folks that maybe need to hear this or maybe it needs to be reinforced.
For example, in James chapter one verse six, we read, but let him ask in faith with no doubting.
but let him ask in faith, so I was telling you how to pray, let him ask in faith with no doubting.
So the Greek literally says, because the New Testament was originally written in Greek, the Greek literally says without a single doubt, actually looked it up last night because I want to make sure, without a single doubt or without any hesitation, you see.
So then James goes on to say in the next verse, verse seven,
that the person who doubts should not expect to receive anything from the Lord.
Well, anything would include the gift of the Holy Spirit.
And again, I'm not talking about salvation, I'm talking about the baptism with the Holy Spirit.
So often the problem is this, that we do a lot of asking, but not a lot of believing.
This is especially true in some circles and some churches and some denominations.
They'll pray all night long to be filled with the Spirit.
And they'll sometimes be praying over a period of days and fasting and crying and repenting and a lot of things.
But he says here that we might receive the promised Holy Spirit through faith.
I like something Smith Wigglesworth said, and I guess it's just a habit of mine that I have to say something about Smith Wigglesworth almost in every sermon, but he said, I can get more out of God or from God by believing Him for one minute than I can by shouting at Him all night long.
Let me say that again.
I can get more from God by believing Him for one minute
that can't vice shouting at him all night long.
Well, let me ask you this question.
Did you have to pray all night long to be saved?
I mean, maybe that's your testimony, but you didn't have to pray all night long.
It doesn't take 12 hours to get saved when you have the right information and the right attitude and response of that information.
So that tells me that James chapter one verse six and seven indicates, and this is important,
that indicates that even a single doubt can nullify or undo your prayer.
So I think a lot of times we pray and everything is fine and everything is scriptural, everything is biblical, and then we entertain a single doubt.
And that's enough to just cancel everything we said.
Of course, in this building, there's all kinds of wires from the video camera and the lights.
Well, a single cut to a wire is enough to stop the flow of electricity.
You don't have to blow up the whole building.
Just a single cut is enough to do it.
So doubt disconnects us.
Doubt disconnects us.
At my home, I have a home here in Virginia Beach.
This is actually where I'm from originally.
So in my home, I have an electric guitar and an amplifier and cables and several effects pedals.
So if I plug it all in and I don't get any sound, I don't immediately go to the phone and complain to dominion power.
Something's wrong.
Need to check that nuclear power plant you've got over there in Surrey.
No, no, no, no, no.
I check there's a loose connection somewhere, right?
So before you complain to God about his lack of power, you need to troubleshoot your prayers.
Let me just help you out a little bit.
If there's a problem, it's not up there, it's down here.
Sometimes people, they say things like,
I don't understand the Lord.
Just seems to me that sometimes he's not really paying attention.
So you're accusing God of wrongdoing.
And that's no small thing.
Now, there's a mistake that's made.
It's down here.
It doesn't mean you're some terrible person, but it does mean that there's somewhere there's a disconnection.
So what do you do?
Just cry and weep and moan and grow.
No, you fix it.
Amen.
So to doubt
Doesn't mean that you totally reject God's word, that you just walk away from it.
No, it means to waver slightly, to question inwardly, even for a moment, to wonder, well, I wonder, that's called doubt, right?
To hesitate, or to be less than fully persuaded,
There's a lot more doubt in us than we realize.
Look at your neighbor and say it's time for the doubt to get out.
Smile when you say that.
So many years ago in our church in Northeast India, I preached on a Sunday morning similar to today, and afterward I gave an invitation
for people to be filled with the Holy Spirit.
Again, I'm not talking about salvation, I understand it's the Spirit of God that gives us new life, but I'm talking about being baptized with the Holy Spirit.
And several people came forward, including one older woman.
And I prayed for them, and when I laid hands on her, she did not receive.
Nothing happened.
And I had a sense in my heart that it's because she was not really sure
if this is for her, if this is really of God, et cetera.
Well, you see, the thing is people think, I'll let him pray for me.
And if it's of God, I'll get it.
If it's God's will, it will happen.
And if it doesn't, then I guess maybe for some reason it wasn't for me or it wasn't God's will.
Well, again, you know, what if a sinner came to their altar call and said, well, I'll let them pray for me to get saved.
And if it's God's will,
then I'll get saved.
And if it's not, then I guess I'll go to hell.
No, no, that's not scriptural.
That's not scriptural.
We receive by faith.
That means you're sure.
Faith is being sure of what you hope for when you say, well, that means you're not sure.
So that's not faith.
So you don't pray and then wait till it happens and then believe.
No, no, you come believing, knowing what's going to happen.
Right.
So the next Sunday, uh, kind of the same thing.
I preached and then I gave an invitation.
We sometimes say an altar call and several people came forward, including the same woman.
Right.
And so I was giving them some instructions.
Pastor David, you know, the kind of thing you say, I'm going to pray for him to lay hands on you, blah, blah, blah.
And you could tell she's just full of anticipation.
She's practically, she's kind of like bouncing up and down a little bit.
Her attitude, her posture, everything seems to indicate like, come on, come on, come on, come on.
You know, let's get through all this time.
I'm ready now.
See, there was different attitude.
Faith is an attitude of the heart.
It's not just theology on paper.
It's an attitude of the heart.
All right, some people say we believe this and this and this, this is our tenants of faith, but they don't actually believe nothing.
So when I came to her, I think I may have gone to her first, I don't remember, but when I came to her, as soon as I touched her, bam, she started speaking in other tongues.
Another woman was from a Roman Catholic background.
She was at that point, you know, I don't know how old she was, she didn't tell me, but I think she was approaching maybe halfway to 70 or more,
And, you know, she didn't have a Pentecostal background, a word of faith background.
That don't matter that we might receive by faith.
Are you out there today?
Praise the Lord.
Amen.
Glory to God.
Now, notice the scripture with me.
Romans chapter 10, verse 14.
And while I'm speaking, if you feel like smiling, go ahead.
I don't mind.
I know it takes a little bit of effort there.
When you smile, you increase your face value.
And Romans chapter, we should put a mirror back here so you can see what I see.
Now in Romans, you might scare yourself.
In Romans chapter 10, verse 14, we read the scripture, and how are they to believe in Him of whom they have never heard?
You can't believe.
if you don't know anything about it.
So that's true.
That verse is true concerning faith in Christ for salvation.
That's actually what he's talking about.
But it's also true concerning the Holy Spirit.
See, we can't have faith to be filled just because we want to be filled.
That's not enough.
Just because you want something doesn't mean you have faith for it.
How many of you would like to have a billion dollars raise your hand?
How many of you have faith for it?
Well, if you did, you'd have it.
And if you do have it, please meet me after the service.
I want to especially pray for you.
That's the secret.
And so you can't believe something if you don't know what the Bible says about it, right?
So many people, they are sincere.
They are genuine, they're earnest, they love God, but many people are operating on incomplete information.
And I think what happens is this, we kind of assimilate into the church culture, but that doesn't mean we're really grounded in his word.
You come, you know when to stand up, you know when to sit down, you know the words of the songs.
If you don't, it's on the screen.
You know how to say amen.
And you know when to lift your hand.
And you know the style.
But you may not know the substance.
So your shout has no clout.
You don't know why you're saying what you're saying, right?
And really that happens I think in every church it definitely happens in my experience there in Northeast India So we need to we need to and then some people It's worse They're working they're operating with misinformation And because they've been told that that speaking in tongues that's of the devil it is yes And so if you've been mentioned the word tongues they freak out Praise the Lord.
So it's harder
to unlearn than it is to learn.
It's harder to remove wrong teaching than it is to learn right teaching.
That's why actually people that don't know nothing are actually fairly easy to get filled.
See, I was raised Presbyterian, God's frozen people.
They didn't tell us anything.
So I was easy to get filled.
I was easy to receive.
But in Nagaland in Northeast India, some of them have been taught all kinds of things.
And so if you mentioned salvation, they tear up and say, amen, that's right.
They all believe in salvation, but none of them are saved.
But if you talk about the baptism with the Holy Spirit, they look at you kind of funny.
I mean, you can say amen, but we can look at your faith, face and see your faith.
So it took a lot, a lot, a long time and a lot of teaching until people started being filled.
So let's take a look at some scriptures in the time that we have this morning.
So the same day that Jesus was raised from the dead, that first resurrection Sunday, at evening, he appeared to his disciples in that upper room.
And something rather interesting, John tells us in John chapter 20, verse 22,
It says, he breathed on them and said, receive the Holy Spirit.
That's kind of peculiar, isn't it?
He didn't say, he didn't just say, I want to pray for you, I want to lay hands on you.
He breathed on them and said, receive the Holy Spirit.
Now, again, in the original language, it says, he breathed into them.
I think the word is infosau, something like that.
And the same word was used to describe
a man in Greece playing a flute?
Well, he doesn't blow on like the flute or the pipe.
He blows air inside of it, through it, see?
So Jesus did to his disciples in that upper room what God the Father did to Adam in the garden.
He breathed into them the breath of life.
You see, this is when they were born again.
Now, you might say, well, wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I mean, weren't they born again all those three and a half years?
They accompanied Jesus?
No.
Nope.
They believed in Him.
They were followers of Him, but they were still living under the old covenant because Jesus inaugurated the new covenant with His blood when He went into the heavenly
Holy of holies.
Nobody could receive eternal life until after Jesus was raised from the dead.
What does Romans chapter 10 verse 9 say that if you confess with your mouth Jesus as Lord and believe in your heart that God has raised him from the dead you will be saved.
Well they called him Lord but they couldn't believe he was raised from the dead until after it happened.
In fact initially they didn't believe it.
Are you listening to me?
Praise the Lord.
He breathed on them, breathed into them and said, received the Holy Spirit.
Now, if this verse in John 22, if this verse was the only verse we had on the subject, then we might assume that, you know, if you're born again, you have the Holy Spirit in you, and that's all of the Holy Spirit there is to have, end of story, case closed.
but this is not the only verse that we have on the subject.
Again, this is a problem sometimes people take like one little verse to the exclusion of other verses on the same subject.
Don't just base your whole doctrine and theology on one verse or a part of verse, see everything the Bible has to say on the subject, then you have a more complete understanding of what God is trying to tell you, right?
So it's interesting
Before going to the cross earlier than John 2022, before going to the cross, Jesus told his disciples this in John chapter 16 and verse seven, John chapter 16, verse seven.
Nevertheless, I tell you the truth, it is to your advantage that I go away.
We could stop there and preach another sermon.
Some of us dream that we were there walking with him through Galilee.
and through the streets of Jerusalem.
But he says, actually, it's better that that didn't happen to you.
Why?
For if I do not go away, the helper, the comforter, will not come to you.
But if I go, I will send him to you.
That means it's better for you to have the Holy Spirit than to be physically present when Jesus walked the earth.
See, they were spectators, but they were not participants.
They saw him, but they were not like him.
Are you listening to me?
So the helper in this verse, the comforter is the Holy Spirit.
So let me ask you a question.
Think about this.
So if a church, a pastor in Northeast India, if a church member contacts me there in India and says, I'm sick and I say, all right.
Um, you know, maybe I'm busy today or something, but I can't go, but I will send the associate pastor to visit you.
Wouldn't the church member understand that I will not be personally present at that meeting?
You know, I'm sending, okay, I hear you sister Zama Zama.
So I'm sending the assistant pastor, associate pastor to visit you.
And she would understand that pastor John is not going to come, but someone else will come.
He's sending someone else.
I'll see if I said, okay, I'm coming.
And by the way, I'm bringing the associate, associate pastor with me, then she would understand we're both going to be coming together at the same time.
In John chapter 20, he was physically present.
He didn't send anything.
And yet he said, if I go, I will send him to you.
So he couldn't be talking about what happened in John chapter 20 verse 22.
That doesn't fit.
That doesn't agree with what he said earlier.
See, however, after that first resurrection Sunday, several days later, maybe, maybe closer to 40 days later, he said something else to them.
Before he just went up to heaven, he said in Luke chapter 24 verse 49, behold,
I'm sending the promise of my father upon you."
So that means when he spoke those words, it had not happened yet.
Yet he's already breathed into them the breath of life.
See, I'm sending the promise of my father upon you.
Notice he didn't say in you, he said, upon you.
But stay in the city until you are clothed with power from on high.
What is the promise of the father that he's referring to?
It's the Holy Spirit.
So again, many churches leave the impression that after you get saved, you should immediately go out there and win the lost.
But before Jesus told his disciples to go, he told them to stay.
Before starting, he told them to wait.
Are you out there today?
Now Luke is also the author or the instrument that God used to write the book of Acts, right?
So we've seen a very similar statement in Acts chapter one, verse four and five.
Acts chapter one, verse four says this, and while staying with them, this is after his resurrection, while staying with them, he ordered them not to depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the father.
which he said, you heard from me.
Now, there are many promises from God, the Father, we have a Bible full of promises, which one is he referring to?
He went on to say, notice verse five, for John baptized with water, but you will be baptized with the Holy Spirit, not many days from now.
Now, this is after he's already breathed into them and said, receive the Holy Spirit.
So that means this has not yet happened to them.
There's something more than just salvation.
Now, when we baptize someone in water, what do we do?
Do we hand that person a glass and say, drink this in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Spirit?
No, I mean,
I don't think that's what we do here, right?
I'm just guessing, you know, because again, the Greek word baptizo means to immerse, to submerge, right?
In fact, the same Greek word was used to describe in secular writings, not the Bible, a ship that sank to the bottom of the sea, it went down, right?
So when we baptize a person in water, I mean, you know, he's completely covered in water, you know,
It's not possible.
Sometimes they kind of want to be baptized, but I don't want to get wet.
Not sure how we're going to do that, sister.
You can bring a change of clothes or something, and sometimes people
Water baptism doesn't save you, but we're saved by faith, but water baptism should be a test and a testimony of your faith, you see.
But, you know, sometimes people, when you water baptize them, they're kind of struggling, the water's cold, or, you know, they feel a little frayed, and, you know, and then sometimes pastors think, like, you know, this rascal, I'm gonna hold him down a little longer.
Wait till the air bubbles come up.
But that's not true, yeah, that isn't true.
So a person comes up, water baptized, they are dripping wet.
They're soaked to the bone.
God wants you to be completely covered with the Holy Spirit.
He wants you to be dripping with the Holy Spirit.
He doesn't want you just to have a sip.
He wants to have rivers flowing out from you.
Can I get an amen?
So again, let's talk about Smith Wigglesworth one more time.
He said this, a man may be saved and he may be sanctified
but he will never be satisfied until he is filled with the Holy Spirit.
Now, some Christians, some church people, not you, but maybe they're church down the street.
Some church people have this sort of disdain for the expression baptism with the Holy Spirit.
When you say that, their facial expression is one of a little bit mild contempt.
And we don't use that expression in my church.
Well, we're not in your church.
But Jesus used this expression.
Jesus used these words.
So is it okay to quote Jesus or do I have to get your permission first?
Right.
And not only that, so did John the Baptist.
For example, Matthew chapter three, verse 11, Matthew three, 11, John the Baptist is speaking.
So, so
Anybody here came from a Baptist background?
Anybody?
There's a hand.
Anybody else?
It's not an ultracol.
I'm just asking a question.
So all right.
So why don't we listen to the first Baptist?
John.
He's so Baptist.
It's his last name.
John the Baptist.
He said this, I baptize you with water for repentance, but he who was coming after me is mightier than I, who sandals, I'm not worthy to carry.
He will baptize you with the Holy Spirit and fire.
Isn't that amazing?
You know, some Baptist folks, bless my wife was Baptist, my mother was Baptist, so I don't have anything against the Baptist.
Don't misunderstand me, the two women who love me the most were Baptist.
But, you know, some Baptists, they get a little uneasy, talk about the Baptist's Holy Spirit, they back off.
This is the message John the Baptist preached.
In fact, this statement, a very similar statement is found in all four gospels.
Now see, not all four gospels record the same miracles.
John records some things, the others don't.
Sometimes Matthew and Luke record something that Mark didn't, but here all four tell us the same thing.
He's coming after me.
He will baptize you with the Holy Spirit and with fire.
So let me ask you a question.
Which is greater?
John the Baptist or Jesus the baptizer?
Water or fire?
In this sense that the water baptism is a symbol.
It's right.
It's a commandment of the Lord.
But this is not some symbolic thing.
This is actual.
This is reality.
This is being filled with a person, the Holy Spirit.
Can I get any amen?
So years ago, and maybe this will help somebody,
Years ago, I was invited to speak at a large conference in Nagaland in Northeast India.
And I was going to speak in the afternoon to this large crowd.
And as I was leaving my room, like this guest house, in fact, I had my hand on the doorknob because I remember exactly where I was when this happened.
It's so funny.
I couldn't tell you the date, but I know exactly where I was.
Suddenly the Lord spoke to my heart.
And sometimes I don't know why at a particular time or something this would happen.
But the Lord spoke to my heart and He said, John, remember this, I am the baptizer with the Holy Spirit, not you.
And I thought that was funny that He would say that, you know.
Well, when I got to the meeting, I found out why.
Because nobody received nothing.
They stared at me like they were a photograph.
I mean, some of them, they didn't even look like cadavers.
I mean, they just didn't move.
I thought I was speaking to the People's Republic of China Communist Party leadership meeting or something like that.
They did not look like believers to me.
And they just stared at me and grimaced.
And I have to tell you something kind of interesting.
You can't always go by that because in Northeast India, they're very poker faced in church.
What I mean by that, maybe that's not appropriate analogy for church.
But what I mean by that is they show no expression.
You don't know what they're thinking.
One time in our church, there was a man sitting near the front and he just grimaced at me the whole service.
When I looked over at his way, he snarled.
His nostrils flared.
It seemed like he was going to bite me.
In fact, as I looked at him, I got a little irritated.
Did you ever get irritated?
Well, you don't have to tell me about we know.
You know, and I thought, what's what's your problem?
What's your problem?
You know, I felt like walking right over there and slap him a couple of times and go back to the pulpit, you know, when the service dismissed, he walked right to me.
I mean, so as soon as I said, Amen, you know, you go home, he came made a beeline right for me.
And I thought, okay, here we go.
Here we go.
Bring it on.
And he said to me, they have a tendency to speak real rough.
It's kind of funny.
He said, Mr. John, he's calling me Mr. John.
Mr. John, I want to tell you something.
I want to tell you something.
And I said, yes, he said, that was the best sermon I have ever heard in my life.
I hate to see what you look like when it's a bad sermon, if that's what you look like.
I guess he was processing it, he was thinking it, so you can't always tell, right?
What people are thinking.
My wife helped me in this regard because, as I said, they're very poker faced in church.
It's been a major thing to deal with.
And see, like my wife said, if you say something in church and everybody says, amen.
That means they knew that and believed it before you said it.
But if you say something and they're just quiet,
That means maybe they're processing it.
They've never heard that before.
They're thinking about it or they're asleep.
Could be both.
Praise the Lord.
Amen.
So, you know, Jesus is the baptized or the Holy Spirit, not me, not you.
So what am I saying is if we, if we pray for people, minister to people and they don't receive, it doesn't mean we're a failure.
And we shouldn't feel like, well, I'm never gonna pray for anybody again.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
You know, are you the Savior?
Huh?
Let me help all the Christian wives that are here today.
You have the Holy Spirit, but you are not the Holy Spirit.
I know you're trying to bring conviction to that man.
Guess what?
That's not your job.
Your job is to honor and love.
The Holy Spirit is the one who does the convicting.
I don't know.
It's real quiet in this house today.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
Praise the Lord.
So he told them, you know, you will be baptized with the Holy Spirit not many days from now.
And then it's interesting.
They immediately asked him a question that is in Acts chapter one concerning in times.
Were you at this time restored the kingdom Israel?
You know, and in so many words, Jesus said to them, don't focus on that.
He actually said it's not for, you know, the times of the seasons, which the father has placed in his own power.
But I mean, basically he kind of sideswiped that and said, don't worry about that.
Instead, he pointed their attention in another direction in verse eight, but you
we'll receive power, Acts chapter one verse eight, but you will receive power when the Holy Spirit has come upon you and you will be my witnesses in Jerusalem and in all Judea and Samaria and to the ends of the earth.
Amen?
Sure, it's perfectly fine and good to talk about End Times event and to preach on that, but I think some people are so focused on those things on the end that they're ignoring
what's happening right now in the lives of people all around them.
See, here's the thing.
If we preach the gospel to all nations, then the end will come.
It may not fit according to your timeline, but it will come.
Amen.
Praise the Lord.
So he wants us to be his witnesses and he wants those witnesses to be empowered.
You will receive power when the Holy Spirit comes on you when you're clothed with power from on high.
And so that means these thoughts are connected.
You will be my witnesses.
I think personally, the reason some Christians are never filled with the Holy Spirit is they have no interest in being his witness.
See, there's always purpose in God's power.
He doesn't anoint you so you could walk around and feel anointed.
The anointing is not a toy we play with, it's a tool we work with.
I think some people aren't particularly concerned about a lost and dying world around them.
So then you don't need this, do you?
Amen.
On the other hand, I think when you're filled with the Holy Spirit, I think it will deepen your concern for a lost world around you.
Maybe some people, maybe that's it.
I think some people have told themselves, well, I'm not really concerned about
the dying world, because I don't feel like there's anything I could do about it.
So that's why.
But when you're empowered by the Holy Spirit, now you've got the tools to do the job, and I think you'll be more enthusiastic and more motivated to be a witness for him.
Now, here's a thought.
These men that he was speaking to in Acts chapter 1, men and women,
they personally accompany Jesus for three and a half years.
Right?
They didn't just read about it in their Bibles or hear about it preached from pulpits.
They were there.
They were eyewitnesses to his miracles.
Right?
They personally saw him crucified.
They were there when he appeared to them with a resurrected, glorified body.
They felt him.
They touched him.
They heard his voice.
Basically, you could say they attended Bible school for three years, the best Bible school in the world.
They didn't have any classrooms, they didn't have any books, but they had only one teacher and he was the son of God and he was the son of God.
And now they've been personally trained, personally trained by Jesus to take his place and continue his ministry after his departure.
Most people would say, that's it?
I mean, what else do you need?
But he said, wait, you're not ready.
See, if these men and women needed the baptism with the Holy Spirit, how much more do we need it?
We need it even more.
Are you out there today?
Praise the Lord.
Amen.
Now, he said, wait until you're clothed with power from on high.
The Greek word for power, of course, is the word dunamis, right?
Like dynamite.
The world has largely, not completely, but by and large, ignored the testimony, the witness of the church.
I'm not saying everybody, but generally speaking, by and large, the world has ignored the church's testimony.
Now, I'm not suggesting you do this.
Please don't do this.
But tomorrow morning, if you walked into your local bank with dynamite taped to your chest, I guarantee you, nobody would ignore you.
Like I said, in case you just woke up, I'm telling you not to do that.
But if you've got dynamite, dunamis, real dynamite, strapped to your chest, I guarantee you, every teller, every patron in the bank, every officer, all of Virginia Beach, you'll be famous.
I can say I knew him when, before he went to jail.
It's because we were trying to do a job without the right equipment.
That means without the Baptist and Holy Spirit, we're not clothed with power.
I think sometimes the demons are laughing at us because we're trying to do the work of Christ and our underwear.
Are you out there today?
Praise the Lord.
So he told them, you will be baptized with the Holy Spirit, not many days from now.
In fact, if you calculate it, they didn't have to wait long.
It was less than 10 days.
It was more like seven days, maybe a little bit less than seven days, you see.
So some people think that you have to wait and wait and wait and wait.
I've been waiting 20 years to be filled with spirit.
Well, if I were you, I'd forget it.
It doesn't take 20 years to be filled with the spirit.
Are you out there today?
Amen.
They didn't have to wait long.
And after the day of Pentecost, nobody was ever told to wait again.
Nobody in the book of Acts ever told anybody, wait.
That is to say, wait to be filled with the Spirit.
Let me just go through this again for the benefit of some who don't know it and maybe just to help you to minister to other people.
Sometimes, see, when I study the scriptures like on the Holy Spirit or on healing or other topics, usually it's not primarily for my benefit, it's so I can help other people.
So I don't need to be healed because I'm healed, but there's a lot of people aren't and I want to help them to receive healing.
Are you out there today?
So maybe this will help you administering to others.
So notice with me Acts chapter two, verse two.
And suddenly there came a sound from heaven, like a mighty rushing wind.
And it filled the entire house where they were sitting.
So notice when they were born of the Spirit, it was a breath.
When they were baptized with the Spirit, it was a mighty rushing wind.
It was a Holy Ghost tornado.
Actually, in Greek, it was a blast.
It was an explosion.
See, everybody in Jerusalem heard it.
That's why they came running to see what's going on.
See, if it was just 120 Presbyterians singing the doxology, I don't think all of Virginia Beach would come running.
This was a bomb.
This was a good bomb.
This was the...
In other words, the breath speaks of life.
But this speaks of power.
Glory to God.
And here's another little thought for you.
They were baptized in the Holy Spirit sitting.
They were sitting down in the room where they were sitting.
So, you know, sometimes you think you got to be standing up or maybe kneeling.
They were just sitting there and they were baptized.
And by the way, they were baptized with the Holy Spirit at 9 a.m.
Sometimes you think like morning service has just kind of be traditional at night.
We can have revival.
The first great revival took place at nine a.m. Because Peter later said, it's only the third hour of the day.
That's nine a.m. Whoo.
What a good way to start your day.
Verse three, verse three, Acts chapter two, verse three, and divided tongues as a fire appeared to them and rested on each one of them.
First, the house was filled.
Then a tongue of fire rested on each one of them.
And actually, in the Greek language, it's a little bit ambiguous, but it seems to indicate that first there was one giant flame, and then it divided or separated in individual flames and went and literally sat on top of each person.
Whoo!
What does this indicate?
What does all this mean?
It means verse four.
They heard wind.
They saw tongues of fire, verse four, and then they were filled with the Holy Spirit, and they began to speak in other tongues as the Spirit gave them utterance.
It doesn't say a few special ones were filled, and the rest just watched, took pictures and posted it online.
There were no spectators that day.
Everybody was a participant.
Sometimes in churches, there are people kind of sitting in the back, no offense to you, people in the back.
But sometimes there's people in the back that just kind of watch the show.
Like, oh, look, Sister Zamasama got the Holy Ghost.
Ooh, yeah.
Oh, look at him, man.
Yeah, what about you?
I mean, if you were in a church service and Brother Dunfunny's hair was on fire, you'd say, hey, look at his hair's on fire.
But if your hair was on fire, you've got your own situation.
Amen.
It doesn't say, it doesn't say, some spoke with tongues.
Some received another gift and the rest just had a warm feeling.
They were all filled.
There are 120 of them.
So it's not just the apostles.
It's not just Peter and James and John, not just the 12.
They were all filled.
All of them were filled.
Woo!
It doesn't say some were really filled and the others just got a touch.
Uh-uh.
Uh-uh, they were all filled.
They were all filled.
And they all began to speak in a heavenly language, in an unknown tongue.
How peculiar.
In many ways, the book of Acts is like a bookend to the beginning of the Bible.
At the Tower of Babel, humanity was united in open defiance of God.
And the Bible says it uses this expression and God came down and he confused their languages and then they spread over the whole face of the earth.
In this upper room, followers of Christ were united in one accord in obedience to God and God came down and he gave them a heavenly language and from that upper room they spread
over the face of the whole earth.
And it's interesting, we have no record that they ever went back to that room.
They didn't need to.
Are you out there today?
How strange.
In the book of Zephaniah, chapter 3, verse 9, and you don't have to turn there by the time you find it, I'll be having my lunch.
But in Zephaniah, chapter 3, verse 9, in the new King James Version, it says this, listen to this, for then I will restore to the peoples
a pure language that they may call on the name of the Lord to serve him with one accord.
I will restore to the people a pure language.
Jesus said something very similar in Mark chapter 16 verse 17, and these signs will accompany those who believe.
In my name, they will cast out demons.
They will speak in new tongues.
Glory to God.
Some church people say, well, you know what that really means is a fellow used to cuss and tell dirty jokes, but he don't do that no more.
But that's a very weak understanding of this verse because he lists several signs and they're all supernatural.
Well, there are people that don't even know Christ that don't cuss.
They don't live in Virginia Beach, but they're out there somewhere.
And that's not really necessarily a supernatural sign.
By the way, casting out demons, what does that mean?
They get psychotherapy?
No, means what it says, amen?
Laying hands on the sick, what does that mean?
They go to the clinic?
No, it's divine healing.
All of these are supernatural.
They will speak in a heavenly language.
I've heard some people say this.
Well, you see Brother John on the day of Pentecost Yes, God allowed them to speak in all these languages So that they could preach the gospel to all these different nationalities who had come to Jerusalem to celebrate Pentecost and so that's why it happened That's wrong That's incorrect That's a misnomer The Bible tells me in verse 14
that then Peter began to address the crowd in a language that everybody understood and he preached the gospel to them.
And nobody got saved until after he had done this.
They did not preach the gospel in tongues, and you're not preaching the gospel in tongues either.
In fact, they said, we hear them praise and magnify God.
That's not the same thing as preaching the gospel.
Are you out there today?
Then again, when I was a boy in Sunday school, we touched on this, on the day at Pentecost they spoke in tongues, but I didn't think much about it.
I didn't give it a second thought because I was left with the impression that that was a one-off situation.
That happened then, but it never happened again, so don't bother about that.
Let's move on.
If there was no record of anyone ever speaking in tongues or no other scripture verse referring to tongues, then maybe we might conclude that.
But that's not true.
That's not true.
There are five recorded instances in the book of Acts.
of people being baptized with the Holy Spirit.
I didn't say it only happened five times.
I said, Luke only saw fit or the Holy Spirit only saw fit to record five individual testimonies.
In three of the five testimonies, it clearly says they spoke with tongues.
And the other two, it strongly infers they did.
Are you out there today?
We don't have time today.
We don't have unlimited time today, but let me just touch on briefly one example because I want to make sure that you get to the cafeteria before the Baptist.
Notice with me Acts chapter 19 and verse 2.
Acts chapter 19 verse 2.
And he said to them, did you receive the Holy Spirit when you believed?
They said no.
We have not even heard that there is a Holy Spirit.
Paul went to Ephesus.
He found some devout individuals, actually 12 men.
And he was not asking them when he said, did you receive the Holy Spirit when you believe?
Some translations say after that, you believe.
He wasn't asking them if they were saved.
He assumed they were.
Now that was a wrong assumption, but he thought they were
born-again Christians, disciples of Christ.
But as he's talked with them, they told him all they knew about was John the Baptist.
John's baptism, see.
So in verse 4, he told them about Jesus.
He preached the gospel to them.
Luke only summarizes this in one verse.
I'm sure Paul said more than that, but
He couldn't record.
He didn't choose to record everything that Paul said.
If he told us everything that Paul said, the Bible wouldn't be a book.
It'd be a set of encyclopedias.
So he just summarized it.
He told them about Christ, verse five.
This is Acts 19, verse five on hearing this.
They were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.
That means they were water baptized.
Someone asked you a question.
This is, this is for all of the deep sheep.
Water baptism.
Do we baptize believers or unbelievers?
It's not a trick question.
Believers or unbelievers?
Believers?
Yes, believers.
We never baptize.
I'm not water baptism.
We never baptize an unbeliever.
So you don't take the sinner and baptize him and hope that while he's down there, he has a close encounter with the living gods.
Are you done?
Okay, hold on.
No, no, no.
We don't baptize people hoping that they'll get saved, or hoping that they'll believe.
So before we baptize people, typically we'll ask them, you know, have you received Christ as your Lord has saved you?
Have you put your faith in Him?
And if they say like, not really, we've got to talk.
We don't baptize you and say, well, let's just go ahead and see what happens.
Nothing will happen.
They'll get wet.
That's all that will happen.
Right?
It seems like all of you, or most of you, when I asked that question, didn't hesitate to answer.
Now Paul wrote half the New Testament.
Do you think he knows that?
How many of you know more than Paul?
I'd like to meet you also.
You and the billionaire, I'd like to meet both of you after this service.
So that means if Paul baptized them in water, they must have believed what he said.
So did they get saved?
Well, if they didn't, maybe you're not saved.
If they didn't, maybe none of us are saved.
Maybe nobody's saved.
Jesus said, he that believes in his baptized shall be saved.
He that does not believe will be condemned.
What our baptism again doesn't save.
You notice he didn't say, and he who was not baptized will be condemned.
He said, he who does not believe are listening to me.
All right.
So he told them about Jesus.
They obviously believed it because he baptized them and which was a testimony of their faith.
So what does verse six say?
Acts 19, verse six, it says this, then Paul shook their hands said, congratulations, welcome to the kingdom.
I'll see you in the rapture.
Goodbye.
That's what a lot of people would have said.
And when Paul laid his hands on them, the Holy Spirit came on them and they began speaking in tongues and prophesying.
You can see from this scripture, and this is something that happened many years after the day of Pentecost.
I know it's only a few chapters in your Bible, but it's many years later.
See, Paul wasn't even a Christian in Acts chapter two.
He didn't get saved till Acts chapter nine, right?
This is many years later, right?
So notice what Paul believed, that after you're saved, there is another experience available for you as a believer.
Here's the thing, we don't lay hands on people to get saved.
I mean, you could pray with someone and like, you know, kind of like reach out and touch their shoulders or something.
That's fine.
But you cannot impart eternal life through the laying on of hands.
Right?
You can't just go to Lynn Haven Mall this afternoon and say, everybody come here, everybody come here, form a line.
And as I'm going to lay, welcome to the kingdom.
Welcome to the kingdom.
You can't do that.
That would be nice, but you can't do that.
See, they have to receive by simple faith, by hearing the gospel, right?
But you can impart the Holy Spirit through laying on of hands.
Listening to me?
You don't have to have somebody lay hands on you.
See, it didn't happen in Acts chapter two, and it didn't happen in Acts chapter 10.
And the other three examples, there was laying on of hands.
Are you out there today?
Praise the Lord.
And they began speaking in other tongues, just like they did on the day of Pentecost.
They also began prophesying, when a man is baptized with the Holy Spirit, often gifts of the Spirit are also imparted to him along with the infilling of the Spirit.
Now here there was no wind, there was no fire, but the Spirit came on them, He filled them, He empowered them,
They began speaking in other tongues.
And notice Paul did not hesitate.
It doesn't say he baptized them in water and then said, now I'm going to watch you.
I'm going to be observing you for the next several months just to make sure you're sincere and really earnest.
And then if you pass the test, I'm going to have a six month class on this subject.
And if you finish the course, then I'm going to pray for you.
No, without hesitation.
immediately.
When people get saved, they are now a candidate for this experience.
In fact, that's the best time.
I said that's the best time.
So I told you before I was raised in a very traditional dry church.
Our church was the definition of dry.
I don't think that many of you can even relate to what I'm saying.
I'm not sure.
But our church was scary dry.
I mean,
Nobody ever got healed in my church as a boy growing up till I was 16.
Unless they were suffering from insomnia, nobody ever got healed.
And they had a pipe organ in the balcony.
It was like Phantom of the Opera.
The music was scary.
I think you were supposed to be scared.
I think they want to scare you spitless so you'd live right.
And the parking lot people were cheerful and bright and sunny, but something happened to them when they walked across the threshold of that sanctuary.
Suddenly this sullen look came over their face.
They moved quietly.
They sat down, you know, afraid to even move and they counted their toes.
You never smiled in my church because if you smiled, the usher would think you're committing a sin.
Nobody ever raised their hand like when we were singing.
They would think you're asking a question, yes, sister, what is it?
You know, so it was very, it was very stayed.
It was very traditional.
We followed just a simple format, you know.
And our pastor, he would get up to this giant pulpit.
It was jetted out in the air.
It was made like the Bauvaship, which is,
I guess, nice.
But he would ascend to that Hiniwara, this long black robe.
And he never said a word in the beginning.
He just lifted up his hands like Darth Vader.
And then when he spoke, he had this giant Bible.
It's like the world's largest Bible.
He opened it.
And he read one verse from the Old Testament, one verse from the New Testament, closed it, and then gave a talk.
And that's when you could hear people just snoozing.
There was a man in our church.
He was a little deaf.
He had had a special pew for him.
There was like a little battery.
He plugged in his hearing aid to that little bench, that pew.
And sometimes he had the volume, the wrong setting.
And he would talk.
He thought he's whispering to his wife, but he's talking out loud.
He would say, what time in the service he said, when is he going to stop?
That was the highlight of the service, ladies and gentlemen.
Then after high school, I graduated from high school at Cox High School, and then went to ODU.
And I was a commuter.
I drove for four years back and forth down to Norfolk.
And I began to feel something's missing in my life.
Now I was actually born again in Sunday school class and thank God because that was the only time anybody ever in 16 or so years anybody ever presented me with the gospel or ever gave me an opportunity to get saved.
In 16 years that was the only time, one time
in a Sunday school class.
And I'm glad I jumped on the gospel train then, because that's the only time it came around to my station.
But I began to feel something's missing, something's wrong.
I even vieded some folks from the Presbyterian Church to come to my house and talk with me.
And they came and they were nice people and they were kind enough to come.
And so I appreciate that.
And they kind of just talked with me and so forth and so on.
And I thank them.
But when they left,
In my heart, I felt like that's nice, but that's not it.
That's not it.
And I remember I went to my bedroom upstairs in the house.
I lived with my parents.
I was a student, went upstairs, and I just knelt down and prayed, and I said, God, I don't know what it is.
But there's got to be more than this.
I mean, when I thumb through the pages of the book of Acts, I see a different church.
I see a church with power.
I see a church that's bold.
I see signs and wonders and miracles.
Supernatural things are happening.
I see the fire of God and I'm not seeing that.
I'm not seeing that in my life.
I could never stand in front of you like I'm doing today and talk about Jesus.
I was just too scared.
I was just too nervous.
I was just afraid.
And I said, there's got to be something more.
And the Lord orchestrated some things in my life.
You know, when you call to him, he will hear you.
Remember that Jesus said, if any man thirst, let him come to me and drink.
That means one of the prerequisites to being filled with spirit is desire.
Honestly, I'm trying to give you some instruction to strengthen your confidence, but I can't make you desire anything.
You know, if we have to, like, hit you over there with a baseball bat before you want anything from God, I think you'd be better off going to Longhorn this morning.
You're in the wrong place.
I think some people are not filled because they don't want it.
They don't want more of the Holy Spirit.
I didn't know anything, but I knew something.
I need something.
I attended a young people's meeting.
And I shared with one brother that I met there, my feelings, what I was going through, my sense of weakness, my discouragement.
And right off the bat, thank God for people that are just very frank.
That's why I think I'm frank with you because that helped me.
He said, have you been baptized with the Holy Spirit?
I had no idea what that means.
Though I've been in church 16 years.
I was born one week, I was in church the next week.
You know, from nursery all the way through, young people, everything, never heard that before.
I have no idea what he's talking about.
And in the Presbyterian Church, they baptized infants.
So he said, if he had baptized all his spirits, I said, well, I was baptized, but I was an infant.
He said, no, I'm not talking about that.
Then he said, do you speak in tongues?
And I honestly answered and said, I'm studying French.
I'm not joking.
That's what I answered.
In school, I was taking a class in French.
And he said, no, no, I'm talking about other tongues.
And I said, no idea.
He said, that's what you need.
I was like, wow, wow.
But then there were other voices out there.
And some people, you know, some people can be very generous with their opinions, right?
Especially when you're, when you're hurting.
And some people said, well, there is a map solely spirits don't just speak in tongues.
Other people said, you know, another thing that's not even for us a day that when you got saved, you got all there is that's all period.
you know, finish.
And so I was confused and somebody even gave me a book, you know, entitled Doubt and Unbelief or something like that.
And so I was confused and I was praying now.
I went back to my own little upper room.
I went up to my bedroom again and I said, so many voices.
And I said, God, I don't know what's right, what's not right.
And I said, you have to give me a sign, show me.
Well, a day or so later, I was in the large cafeteria
on campus that could seat, I guess, hundreds of students.
And student organizations advertised different meetings they had, and someone had put a banner, a large banner, on the wall that said, come get filled with the Holy Spirit today at 2 p.m.
I think it was room 202.
And I prayed that God would give me a sign.
I had no idea what actually would be a literal sign right there on the wall.
And so I went.
And there's a small little group of fellows meeting for prayer that I found out later.
They met every Tuesday or whatever it was.
And I was the only visitor.
So, you know, they were kind of eyeing me.
They were looking at me.
And so one brother got up there and he went through several scriptures to be honest with you.
It went in one ear and out another.
I don't remember a word he said.
And I didn't comprehend anything.
He said, some of you, maybe that's your testimony today.
And I don't know what he said.
I don't know anything, right?
And then he looked right at me because I'm the only visitor.
And he said, so can we pray for you?
And there was a hush over the crowd.
There was a nervous tension in the air.
And I said, yeah, that's why I came.
And they all kind of had relief.
And so they kind of surrounded me.
There had to be like, I don't know, six or seven or more of them.
And they said, OK, we're going to lay hands on you.
Pray this prayer.
And I'm like, bring it on.
I'm ready because this is what I've been praying about and concerned about, bring it on.
And so they laid hands on me.
And to be honest, I did kind of feel something
But I thought to myself, but I've felt that before.
Even in the Presbyterian church, like from time to time, I kind of felt a little something like that before.
If you can feel something like that in the Presbyterian church, God loves you.
And they said, now speak in tongues.
And I'm thinking, yeah, but if I knew how to do that, I wouldn't be here in the first place asking you to pray for me.
And so I said, hallelujah, hallelujah.
They said, no, no, no, no, they stopped.
No, hallelujah.
Speak in tongues.
Just start.
Okay.
So they all praying in tongues, laying hands when they're praying in tongues.
I'm like, whoa, that is something.
That's something.
Yeah.
Okay, that's it.
That's it.
We are here.
We are with the fanatics right now.
What have I got myself into?
And they stopped three different times.
They were old school.
They didn't say, well, we believe you have it.
See you next Sunday.
No, no, they are old school.
You're going to get it.
That was good for me.
I needed that.
And I realized after some time that they're not going to stop.
We're going to be here to the cows come home.
We're not going to stop.
And I don't know what kind of mess I've gotten myself into.
And I thought, I better say something.
Because if I don't say something, I'll never get out of here.
Who knows about these fanatics, what they're going to do next?
And directly like some little
meaningless syllable came out of my mouth.
And they said, all right, keep going.
And like directly like some little just meaningless little words, syllables, not even words came out of my mouth.
And they're like, yep, yep, yep, come on, come on, come on, come on.
And it's just kind of like, I'm just saying it.
And I thought, I don't know what this is, but I just need to get out of here and go home.
So I'm not going to stop until they're satisfied, right?
Now they're high-fiving each other.
You know, oh, praise God, praise God.
And in my mind, I know this kind of contradicts what I told you a second ago, but in my mind, I wasn't even fully convinced that's tongues.
I was thinking, I don't know.
And it seemed like the devil jumped on my shoulder and said, you're making that up.
And it seemed like in the devil said to me, that's the blasphemy of the Holy Spirit.
That's unforgivable sin.
You know, now you're going to hell, but I just thought like, I don't care right now.
Let me just get out of here.
I'll deal with that later.
I thought when I just get out of here and when I go home, I'll ask my pastor what he thinks about it.
I'm so glad that didn't happen because I know what he would have told me.
And so after a while, it just kept coming out.
I'm speaking it, but I thought to myself, I don't think I'm smart enough to make this up.
And I realized this is it.
See, here's my problem.
I thought I would be just taken over, like lose consciousness, you know, go up to the third heaven or something.
And it was just like, I'm looking for Steven Spielberg.
Right?
And that's not exactly what it was.
See, see, it says they're all filled and begin to speak in other tongues.
It doesn't tell us how they felt.
Why not?
We don't really know.
But the emphasis is not on how they felt, but what happened to them.
You see?
And so they told me, now don't stop speaking in tongues.
Just keep doing it.
So I was afraid to stop.
I thought, if I stop, I'll never be able to do it again.
So I drove home for like, you know, 45, 50 minutes from home speaking in tongues.
And then I went in the back door of my parents' house.
I didn't dare go in the front door speaking in tongues.
They're going to call the pastor and we're going to have trouble.
So I snuck in the back door, went up to my bedroom speaking in tongues.
I knelt by the bed speaking in tongues.
And then after a while, I was thirsty and I went down to the kitchen and I grabbed some water and when I drank a glass of water, I stopped because otherwise you'd be gargling in tongues.
So I had to stop and then, you know, and then I went back up to the bedroom and lo and behold, I found out I can now do this when I want to.
The Holy Spirit does not speak in tongues.
We do.
They were all filled and they
began to speak.
You see, you do the speaking.
As the Spirit gave them utterance, one translation says, as the Holy Spirit allowed them to express themselves.
See, He gave them the ability now to speak in this heavenly language.
Speaking in tongues, it's not all God, and it's not all you, because it's your mouth.
It's like your pipe is now connected to city water, but you control the tap.
That's why some people get baptized all these spirits, speak in tongues, kick their heels, hooray, and then never speak in tongues again, because it's your mouth.
You decide, you do the talking.
I remember years ago, I took some friends to visit one Pentecostal church, and when the service was over, one young lady said to me, I have visited this church several times before.
It's not my first time.
And every time I come,
I feel like I'm going to start speaking in tongues.
And it's all I can do to not speak in tongues."
And I said, Sister, you're not supposed to resist.
You're supposed to yield.
See, she thought like God hits you upside the head and grabs your tongue and you have no control.
No, they began to speak.
It's your mouth.
Tongues doesn't come out of your stomach like a speaker box on the side of the wall here.
It's you cooperating with the Holy Spirit.
Are you listening to me?
A lot of times people think, well, I'm not good enough to be filled with the Spirit.
No one thought you were.
Were you good enough to be saved?
No, it's the Holy Spirit is not a reward for being a good Christian.
Peter twice in the book of Acts refers to this as the gift
of the Holy Spirit.
Not a prize for great achievement.
It's a gift.
Let me give you one more verse because I don't need to look at the clock.
I can just read your face.
Notice just just one verse real quickly here.
It's actually a couple of verses, but they're together.
Luke 11 to 13.
And we'll have to stop here.
Luke 11 verse 11 to 13.
What father among you?
If his son asks for a fish, will instead of a fish give him a serpent?
Or if he asks for an egg, we'll give him a scorpion.
If you then who are evil know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will the Heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to those who ask him?
Notice he didn't say how much more will your Heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to those who are worthy, to those who are deserving, to those who have earned it, to those who ask.
ask and I like this he said it he talks about a fish or an egg right he didn't say which of you if your son asked for a Lamborghini if your son asked for a Ferrari well if my son said I'd like to have a Lamborghini I probably say I'd like to have one too but you know even if even if my son misbehaved you know and it was not doing so well if he said
Can I get an egg?
I wouldn't say no.
No, no, you're not worthy.
I would say, yeah, sure, no problem.
In other words, I wouldn't even have to think about it.
Would you?
I mean, that's not like some impossible thing that I would think like, you know, wait a minute, buddy.
That's too much.
For a Christian to ask the Father for the Holy Spirit, you don't need to convince him.
He's already convinced.
I'm not preaching to God this morning.
I'm preaching to you.
We are the ones who need to be convinced.
Are you out there today?
I said, are you out there today?
Hallelujah.
It's more than tongues.
There came a boldness in my heart that I never had before.
Boldness to share my testimony.
How could I possibly go to the other side of the world to a people who don't even speak English by and large and totally different culture and everything?
And sometimes you feel like you're the, and you are the only person there and they're just looking at you and preach God's truth because he, he clothed me with power from on high to him be the glory.
Would you stand with me to your feet this wonderful morning?
Look at the time.
Oh my goodness, you'll never invite that guest speaker again, I'm sure.
Don't need to preach on the end times.
We are in the end times.
Can we lift our hands toward heaven and just praise God today for His goodness and grace in our life?
I'd like to hear your voice right now church.
Can we just thank God for His goodness and grace in our life today?
Do we have anything to be thankful for today?
If you're a child to God, I think you should be the happiest person in the house right now.
Hallelujah.
Can somebody send up a shout of praise in this place right now?
Come on, why don't you get a little happy for Jesus right now?
Come on, why don't you get a little happy for the Lord right now?
Maybe you don't have a perfect life, but you can give him perfect praise right now.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
Come on, why don't you stir up the gift of God that's in you right now?
Why don't you just stir up the gift of God that's in you right now?
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
Rejoice in the Lord always.
And again, I say rejoice.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Father.
Thank You Father.
Heavenly Father, we thank You for Your Word.
We thank You.
It's because of Your kindness in our life that we see the truth.
Whatever we know, whatever we have, it's because You gave it to us.
You showed it to us.
It's all because of Your mercy, O Lord.
And, O Lord, we're not worthy of even the smallest blessing.
We're undeserving of even the most minute act of kindness.
But Christ redeemed us all.
He redeemed us Hallelujah with his precious blood so that we might receive the promise of the Holy Spirit through faith.
Hallelujah that we might receive, receive.
Now let me say this, let me say this, let me say this.
See, the emphasis is on believers receiving.
The emphasis is not on God giving.
Like, see, you don't have to pray, oh, God, please give me.
Oh, God, please, please give me the Holy Spirit.
Oh, God, please, please fill me.
No, no, no.
The emphasis is on us receiving.
What he's saying is God is present tense offering you the gift, the infilling of the Holy Spirit.
And I could add,
and even more.
But we reach out and receive.
If I was offering you here, you know, my iPad and said, I'd like to give this to you.
This is a hypothetical situation.
I said, I'd like to give this to you.
You could fall on your knees and cry out and say, Oh, I want that.
I want that.
But it wouldn't be yours until you extended your hand and took it.
But how can I receive what God is offering by faith?
So when we pray, you must believe that God is willing and God desires for you to be filled with the Spirit.
You must anticipate, I'm going to receive today.
I'm going to be filled today.
And then by faith, I want you to yield to the Holy Spirit and to speak out in a heavily language in an unknown tongue.
Hallelujah.